the mood of Mr. Rainier at Andora direct starting inter
emotions are so many I do this
let's call it a trade
this passion
just because of the emotions it gives you sometimes
negative others are positive
ketty unleash an unspeakable adrenaline so I'm very happy a lot
proud to be a part
of the Nerazzurri family
from where it starts again
restart if I have been called and why
there were the real problems there was misfortune accidents
certain things they have
determined the change
of a coach this is always sorry because
but it is part of ours in our work of ours
drawbacks
so it was now the most important thing
and regain self-esteem confidence
and try to score points
the target
to that of always winning would be
fbook the beginning of a new path nao, because the winners win here with the inter
it would really be a thing
the splendid
what we'll try to do with these guys because
a year and a half ago
will be champions
I'm a champion
so I really hate their milan strength
their desire for reaction
however, those who have not slipped but the important thing in man have slipped
and getting up and continuing to fight is what I asked them to fight from
first to the last second
but how I saw them fight when I played against them
so I knew how hard it was to beat them I knew that until the last second I didn't
they would have stopped
here I want to see that team beyond the game systems beyond
of who plays I want to see that group 4 and compact
with rice that does not give up a second
and baptized the man of the red oranges even with the interactive orange always
the same I believe that
where I've been there is always the obligation to necessarily win because
if I went to Parma I knew what was needed was a hopeless situation
because I had the obligation to win because otherwise the team would be
relegated
going to Rome with 0 points I knew that
there was an obligation to win
then there was that ride
amazing that just crazy
Minternal
misfortunes of others
but bon for me of course
and even here I am called to win in March but when you style life
in a team called inter you just have to think about winning
nothing else matters
certainly now we are thinking of winning then we will try to ifar play well
team
but now the important thing is to win kerry to get close again
to that championship that is waiting for us
this is the most important thing
you got me on group haley bennett
very clear I read that there may be some players salted
because they have won so much
rio
I am here from da da
24 hours I realized that a group knows
a group of people who f
there are friends are compact
a locker room they know
they have won a lot but those who win will continue to win
now they are touching the bitter short mass they know what sweet is
for which or are
I count a lot on this just about those players who have won these champions
because a former champion because he wins and wants to continue winning is not that
arrives
a victory that stops but a champion always wants to win only if he enjoys himself
wins
and I'm sure I have many champions in the locker room